hey guys it's baseball freaky 92 here
and it's been a while since I made a
video in front of my
but by the way this is a new computer
this is a MacBook Air I usually made
them on a Mac not a MacBook Air for my
birthday so let me know if the quality
on this is any better all right so by
the way I'd like to say thank you for
all the support I've been getting from I
just reached 100 subscribers that's a
pretty big milestone for me I never did
sub4sub or any of that so pretty excited
about that and if my one Little League
World Series video the highlights gets I
think it's like 60 more views it'll get
1,000 views in a week and I never ever
got that many bees before in one week at
least so thank you for watching all my
my videos but that's not what I'm
talking about today so as you know that
whenever I make a food review it's gonna
be on a baseball snack and well today I
got one of the my favorite baseball
snacks in gyms and do a review so
basically some gyms are these little
sticks that are spicy and it's um beef
pork they're really good they're not as
healthy as beef jerky but they're still
pretty good um I've actually been trying
a new beef jerky um called metate err
it's made by Jack Link's I just finished
a bag today it's pretty good it's the
best beef jerky I've had so far so let's
open one of these up I got three these
this is the surfin packs serving size
packs the serving is one box of these is
considered one serving so you're
supposed to eat the whole entire box but
I'm not gonna do that but so there's
four in here and strong oh yeah by the
way I'm gonna be trying some new beef
jerky from a site called BBG jerky
Gotham they sell B as in beef jerky
other the other being is Buffalo jerky
and turkey jerky so I'm gonna try that
out I'm gonna order some of that okay I
have an unboxing
and getting some new sunflower seeds
probably mmm sometime in February maybe
March I'm gonna get like a lot not
another bucket I'm saving the bucket I
have and I'm gonna get like probably
about like listen I got 10 pounds of
seeds if I get another 10 pounds so I
already know if flavors winning yet I
like had like it all like put it in the
cart then I'm gonna buy so that's I know
what I'm gonna get so other you know
boxing that but let's get to the slim
jim so here's a little thing it's
completely sealed up so you know that
nothing's getting in this thing it's
packaged very nice to keep the moisture
and flavor in it so I'm gonna show you
how you feel it it's as a little tattoo
so sometimes they're harder go up and
this one's easy
alright so it's out now you see if you
can tell it looks like that's a little
wrapper around it some people eat it
like like that in the wrapper it doesn't
really make a difference most people do
but I like to peel it off so that's kind
of gross but this is what you came here
for and I've actually been getting a lot
of review or not reviews common so my
other beef jerky and safflower seeds
saying that I should do more food review
so I'm giving this to you I usually want
to be doing this so pretty good they're
not too spicy like they're mild
so yeah um if you like beef jerky
suggest you tried these these you're not
taste like beef jerky this like beef
beef and pork I think it kind of tasted
like pepperoni because this hotness in
it but it tastes pretty good so those
are really good if you play baseball you
know throw let's say you know you're at
a game goes into extra innings and
you're getting hungry and you're snack
bars close throw one of these boxes in
your bag it's gonna really help and so
yeah thank you guys for watching this
I'll try to have the unboxing you know
the seeds of my BBT drinkie calm
unboxing but anyway thank you for
watching you can check out BB t jerky on
youtube i BBT jerky or just go to be
beaten jerky calm so yeah thank you guys
for watching this thank you with yet
again for all the support and if you
guys like these food reviews like the
comments I've been getting they've got
like and I'll do more so let me know
something that you want me to try I'll
try it thank you for watching